Update text-functions.md (#96)
kuzudb/kuzu-docs: docs/cypher/expressions/text-functions.md

| ends_with(string1, string2) | alias of suffix | ends_with("best student", "student") | true  |
| lcase(string) | alias of lower | lcase("UPPER CASE") | "upper case" |
| left(string, count) | returns the left most count number of characters from string | left("long string", 2) | "lo" |

> | levenshtein(s1, s2) | returns the minimum number of single-character edits(insertions, deletions or substitutions) required to change s1 to s2 ignoring the cases.  | levenshtein('kitten', 'sitting') | 3 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| levenshtein(s1, s2) | returns the minimum number of single-character edits (insertions, deletions or substitutions) required to transform string s1 to s2 (case-insensitive).  | levenshtein('kitten', 'sitting') | 3 |
```
